# Localizing Strictly Proper Scoring Rules

The goal of this repository is to provide code to reproduce the results from *Localizing Strictly Proper Scoring Rules*. 


## Structure of the repository

### EXAMPLE 6: Mitchell and Weale (2023)
In Example 6 of Section 3.4, we provide a specific example for which the expected score difference based on the weighted scoring rule by Mitchell and Weale (2023) is negative for α>α_0. The aim of directory *EXAMPLE_6* is to reproduce the (rounded) number α_0 = 0.052 and to graphically verify the inequality α>α_0. We refer to the *ReadMe.txt* in this directory for further instructions.

### TABLE 2 and APPENDIX I: Empirical Studies
In Table 2 of Section 4, we present summary results on differences in Model Confidence Set (MCS) cardinality for α=0.90 and in Table I1 we display the summary results for α=0.75. For every Sec., for every weight function, Appendix I includes a separate Table reporting the underlying MCS p-values. In directory TABLE_2_AND_APPENDIX_I, we have created the following subdirectories to reproduce all empirical results.

#### RiskManagement
- Table 2 panel Sec 4.1, I_L 
- Table I1 panel Sec 4.1, I_L
- Table I2 MCS p-values Sec 4.1, I_L
- Table I3 Robustness checks Sec 4.1, I_L

#### MultivariateRiskManagement
- Table 2 panels Sec 4.1, I_L^2 and Λ_3^2
- Table I1 panels Sec 4.1, I_L^2 and Λ_3^2
- Table I4 MCS p-values Sec 4.1, I_L^2
- Table I5 MCS p-values Sec 4.1, Λ_3^2

#### Inflation
- Table 2 panels Sec 4.2, I_C and I_C^c
- Table I1 panels Sec 4.2, I_C and I_C^c
- Table I6 MCS p-values Sec 4.2, I_L^2
- Table I7 MCS p-values Sec 4.2, Λ_3^2

#### Climate
- Table 2 panels Sec 4.3, I_R and I_C
- Table I1 panels Sec 4.3, I_R and I_C
- Table I8 MCS p-values Sec 4.3, I_R
- Table I9 MCS p-values Sec 4.3, I_C

Each subdirectory has three further subdirectories: *01DensityForecasts*, *02Scores*, *03MCS* and a ReadMe.txt file listing the specific steps per application for reproduction. In the *01DensityForecasts* directories, application-based data is taken as input to produce the (parameters of) the density forecasts, saved into *mParamsDF*. The *02Scores* directories calculate the scores based on the parameters of the density forecasts in *mParamsDF* and the data. In the *03MCS* directories, MCS Tables are calculated per threshold/quantile of the weight function by using the R package MCS developed by Bernardi and Catania (2018). MCS tables for Appendix I and summary results for Table 2 and Table I1 are then generated by a python wrapper on the in the *MCSTables* subdirectories. 

### APPENDIX G: Monte Carlo Study
The Monte Carlo Study detailed in Appendix G includes a size experiment and three power experiments: Normal vs. Student-t(5) left-tail, Normal vs. Student-t(5) center and Laplace(-1,1) vs. Laplace(1,1.1). The power studies are supplemented with the analysis of the associated local divergences, for which we include separate folders per experiment. In total, this yields seven subdirectories for the reproduction of the figures in Appendix G, with titles indicating which figure is reproduces (e.g. *FIG_G1_Size* for the reproduction of Figure G.1) In each subdirectory, a ReadMe.txt file is included with more specific instructions. The common structure of the subdirectories is to first calculate the desired scores (e.g. by running *01SizeMainCalc*) and then generate the plots by a different script (e.g. *02SizeMain_Plot.py*).

# Other files
- LICENSE: MIT License
- REANE.md: This *ReadMe.md* file.






